Creation of documentation/implementation guide for Worklist DataGrid (#1826)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/data-grid/WorklistDataGrid.1/Examples.3/WorklistDataGridFocusableCell.doc.mdx

import WorklistDataGridFocusableCell from './WorklistDataGridFocusableCell?dev-site-example';

# Single Cell Navigation (Dive-In)

### Description

> The content of a cell in the [Worklist DataGrid](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/about) may be empty, text, or any combination of widgets. Since the [grid pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/grid/) mandates only one tab stop and arrow keys for navigation, these keys are not available by default to navigate focusable elements inside a cell. To make these keys available for cell navigation, as part of its basic functionality, the Worklist DataGrid supports single cell navigation (dive-in mode). Enabling single cell navigation will disable grid navigation and disabling single cell navigation will restore grid navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of a cell in the [Worklist DataGrid](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/about) may be empty, text, numerical, or any combination of widgets. Since the [grid pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/grid/) mandates only one tab stop and arrow keys for navigation, these keys are not available by default to navigate focusable elements inside a cell. To make these keys available for cell navigation, as part of its basic functionality, the Worklist DataGrid supports single cell navigation (dive-in mode). Enabling single cell navigation will disable grid navigation and disabling single cell navigation will restore grid navigation.
```

Author: Updated

<span style={{color: 'blue'}}>

> <em>The consumer does not have to implement any callbacks or specify any properties to take advantage of the single cell navigation as it is part of the core functionality of the Worklist DataGrid.</em>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<em>Single Cell navigation is built-in and do not require any additional setup or implementation.</em>
```

Author: Accepted and updated.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, made a typo. It should be `does not require`.

Author: Updated

import WorklistDataGridFocusableCell from './WorklistDataGridFocusableCell?dev-site-example';

# Single Cell Navigation (Dive-In)

### Description

The content of a cell in the [Worklist Data Grid](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/data-grid/worklist-data-grid/about) may be empty, text, numerical, or any combination of widgets.
Since the [grid pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/grid/) mandates only one tab stop and arrow keys for navigation, these keys are not available by default to navigate focusable elements inside a cell.

> To make these keys available for cell navigation, as part of its basic functionality, the Worklist Data Grid supports single cell navigation (dive-in mode).

Author: Updated
